feature|create migration via makefile (#25)
adityasatrio/golang-echo-boilerplate: readme.md

generate mock file for all interface in domains
```
 mockery --all --dir internal/applications --output mocks --keeptree --packageprefix mock_
```

> ### Migration
> generate migration, up, down and force
> ```
>  1. Run the command go get -u github.com/golang-migrate/migrate to download and install the migrate library.
>  2. Run the command for migration creation => make migration-create name={name_migration}
>  3. Run the command for migration up => make migration-up
>  4. Run the command for migration down => make migration-down version={your_version}
>  5. Run the command for migration force => make migration-force version={your_version}
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Migration
generate a migration for MySQL file, `migration up` for migration execution, `migration down` for migration rollback, and `migration force` for enforcing the migration 

```
 1. Run the command `go get -u github.com/golang-migrate/migrate` to download and install the migration library.
 2. Run the command for migration creation, this will create the migration file  version
```
make migration-create name={name_migration}
``` 
3. Run the command for migration up, this command will execute the generated migration files 
```
make migration-up
```
4. Run the command for migration down, this command will execute rollback migration based on version of your migration file
```
make migration-down version={your_version}
```
5. Run the command for migration force, we can force the migration version to execute using this command
```
make migration-force version={your_version}
```

Reviewer 2: done
